Add admonition about disk space for migrations (#780)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/migrate-data/index.md

1.  Migrating from InfluxDB: to migrate data from InfluxDB,
    [follow these instructions][outflux]

<highlight type="warning">
Before you begin migrating data, ensure you have enough free disk space. In most

> cases, you require free space of at least one and a half times the size of the

Reviewer: I think this falls under the "decimals as numerals" rule in Google's style guide. And if it didn't I would take issue with the guide 😄 I think "1.5" is more readable here

Author: ```suggestion
cases, you require free space of at least 1.5 times the size of the
```
